THE PROCESS (90 min) includes 5 stages: (1) Breaking the ice, (2) Showcase of the tool, (3) 
Gathering specific design ideas through mockups, (4) Wrapping up, and (5) After the session. 

0. Prep
If appropriate, send out a short kit explaining what will happen in the workshop.

1. Breaking the ice (10 min)
- Introduce yourself and the team.
- Explain that this session is facilitated as a discussion about .... The aim of the session is to gather early ideas on …
- Tell participants that you are going to record the session and take pictures, but that the material will be used only for design purposes. Press “record” on your digital audio recorder.
Ask the teachers some basic information: How long they have worked as a teacher? How long have they been at this school? How long they have used computers/ipads or other technology in their teaching or learning? What apps or tools they have used in classes? useful?

2. Showcase of the tool (10 min)
- An overview of basic functions of the tool: Show the prototype, describe some key functions (pull, review, etc.)
- showcase the participatory design process (Paper prototyping and sketching): a scenario of how students would use this tool and draw something very quick on notes to set the expectations

3. Gathering specific design ideas through mockups (60 min)
Pair up, teachers mockup on paper sheets for identifying wishes of potential functions they want for the tool (maybe different for teachers teaching different subjects?)
Think about different scenarios when use this tool in classes
Mapping out flow (how students would this this tool step by step)
Storyboarding (to describe a series of events or steps in a journey) put notes on a board, talk about the story
What they have designed, imagine future or ideal experiences from start to finish.
Combine design
Each group presents its design and the group discusses relative merits.
what can be done to move forwards the ideal version of the tool and what matters to them
Summary
What went well during the process? What can be improved next time? What we can do to help?
Further design work. Depending on the outcome of the first prototyping session, what to do for the further workshop?

4. Wrapping up (5 min)
Ask the teachers for their email addresses and ask if we may ask them more questions later. Give them our email address if they have questions to ask us
Take pictures of everyone.
Thank everyone for their effort.

5. After the session (5 min)
At the end of the session we should have an audio recording and 10-20 pictures of the session.
consider whether/how to report and share the results of the session to teachers.
It is important to debrief the results of each session with the team that was part of the process or that observed the sessions. The researcher should capture everyone’s ideas on sticky notes and collect them on a board dedicated to each participant.


